1. Overview

Tracktinator is a mobile application used to track and rate movies.
The user is able to check the movies watched, add a newly watched movie 
and rate it, update a watched movie rating and its notes, or remove a movie 
from the watched list.

The user will be shown three main views, one where a newly watched movie
can be added, one where the watched movies can be looked at, and a detailed
view where watched movie details can be edited. Most views will also 
show display the cover images of movies. These are obtained only if the user is
online through TMDB and may be stored locally for later use.

2. Problem Domain Overview

Persisted entity: `Movie`
Fields:
    - `name: string` - The name of the movie
    - `cover_url: url (string)` - The url to the cover image of the movie
    - `rating: integer` - The rating given by the user
    - `notes: string` - Notes/review of the user
    - `watch_date: date` - Date when the movie was watched

3. CRUD Operations

The application supports the following operations

    - Create: Add new movies to the list of watched movies
    - Read: View the set of watched movies
    - Update: Update ratings and review of watched movie
    - Delete: Delete movie from watched list

4. Persistence

All available operations will be persisted on a local SQL datbase
and then be synced with a remote datbase. Cover images may be stored
in cache memory locally.

5. Offline Handling

The application should persist the content locally, outside of cover
images if they are not available. While online, the local DB syncs with the 
remote one and cover images are fetched from TMDB. While offline, the following
actions occur:

- On update and delete - a message will be displayed, that the 
application is offline and the operation is not available. 

- On read - the content from the local database will be displayed, with a note 
that the server connection is down. Cover images from local cache will be used if
available, otherwise some placeholder image is used.

- On add/create - the input will be persisted in the local database and when 
the application will detect that the device is able to connect again to the 
server will push only the created entries, while the device was offline.

6. Design Mockup

Designs for the 'Watched Movies View' and 'Detailed Movie View' are provided.

